Add bal persist features in update 10 release notes (#9230)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.10.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

#### `persist` package

> - Introduced support for the h2 data store, mirroring the functionality provided for other supported SQL data stores like MySQL, MSSQL, and PostgreSQL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced support for the H2 data store, mirroring the functionality provided for other supported SQL data stores like MySQL, MSSQL, and PostgreSQL.
```

> ### Improvements

Reviewer: Can you please resolve the conflicts? Looks like this is in the wrong place now too.

Author: Fixed in [1703c28](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9230/commits/1703c28a3b711cd07ca305eddfee11568f108207)

- Introduced support for parsing XML with record types with default values as the expected type, using the default values where required (i.e., if a value corresponding to the record field is not present in the XML value).
- Introduced the option to choose between semantic and syntactic equality of XML elements and attributes.

#### `java.jdbc` package

> - Updated the `datasourceName` and `properties` field in the `jdbc:Options` record from optional value types to optional fields to allow users to use the record as a configurable variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the `datasourceName` and `properties` fields in the `jdbc:Options` record from optional value types to optional fields to allow users to use the record as a configurable variable.
```

Both should have worked ideally? Was this due to a bug?

Also this is a breaking change?

Author: if there are optional value fields in a record, we can't make the record configurable.  I thought it was not supported. Hence made this change. 
Yes, this is a breaking change, I made it as minor release in update 10

Reviewer: Seems like this is not yet supported when the type is a union type.

#### OpenAPI tool

#### Persist tool

> - Introduced a new option to the `persist generate` command to give test datastore. This will generate separate client which can use to mock the actual client.
>     - `--test-datastore` - This is optional and used to indicate the test data store. The possible options are h2 datastore for SQL datastores and inmemory datastore for non-SQL datastores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new option to the `persist generate` command to provide a test datastore. This will generate a separate client which can use to mock the actual client. The possible values are `h2` for SQL datastores and `inmemory` for non-SQL datastores.
```

>   For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For example,

```

    ```
    $ bal persist generate --datastore mysql --module db --test-datastore h2
    ```

> - Introduced a new option to the `persist add` command to give test datastore. This will generate separate client which can use to mock the actual client.

Reviewer: Can change similarly.

#### OpenAPI tool

#### Persist tool

> - Introduced a new option to the `persist generate` command to provide a test datastore. This will generate a separate client which can use to mock the actual client. The possible values are `h2` for SQL datastores and `inmemory` for non-SQL datastores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new option to the `persist generate` command to provide a test datastore. This will generate a separate client which can be used to mock the actual client. The possible values are `h2` for SQL datastores and `inmemory` for non-SQL datastores.
```

    ```
    $ bal persist generate --datastore mysql --module db --test-datastore h2
    ```

> - Introduced a new option to the `persist add` command to provide a test datastore. This will generate a separate client which can use to mock the actual client. The possible values are `h2` for SQL datastores and `inmemory` for non-SQL datastores.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced a new option to the `persist add` command to provide a test datastore. This will generate a separate client which can be used to mock the actual client. The possible values are `h2` for SQL datastores and `inmemory` for non-SQL datastores.
```
